take a minute
and we're almost there
about three miles out
in the woods maggie's group takes a
break negan isn't keen on returning to
the meridian it would be unwise to jump
into a trap led by the reapers maggie
says he's free to go negan agrees to
stay if maggie promises that there will
be no more bad blood between them they
exchange handshakes in agreement
gabriel decides to go in for some closer
recon on the reapers
he discovers that they have their own
man of god who prays over their dead
gabriel has been questioning his own
faith for some time he couldn't bring
himself to kill the priest
negan shows maggie how to herd the
walkers just like the whispers did
maggie and negan talk about what
happened in the past and when maggie
asks if he could do it all over again
would he have done things differently
yeah if i could do it all over again
i'd have killed every single one of him
hearing this was a shock for maggie but
negan was just being honest
back at the meridian pope is absolutely
furious that they let maggie's squad
slip away when they were so close of
getting them leia takes the blame to
save her companions pope orders her to
go out and find them daryl joins and the
two set off together
they come upon a man hiding in the woods
who swears he's just traveling with his
wife and son but his wife is injured
when leia delivers the message over the
radio pope gives her the order to kill
the family
it appears that the guy was telling the
truth leia told him to take his son and
flee
leia couldn't shoot the injured woman so
daryl puts the woman out of her misery
now daryl is starting to see that leia
is not totally on pope's side and that
there's a chance she can be saved from
this whole crazy situation
i remember the good stuff
back at the commonwealth princess
ezekiel eugene and stephanie are working
off their crimes by clearing out old
abandoned buildings full of walkers
eugene gets into trouble after hitting
governor pamela melton's son lance uses
this opportunity to get info about his
people in alexandria